Add documentation for Access syntax and multi alias AST representation (#10913)
elixir-lang/elixir: lib/elixir/pages/syntax-reference.md

#=> {:fn, [], [{:->, [], [[1, 2], 3]}, {:->, [], [[4, 5], 6]}]}
```

> ### Access syntax
> 
> The access syntax (`foo[:bar]`) is represented by a `{:., [], [Access, :get]}` call, and the arguments are the ones used to call `Access.get/3`:
> 
> ```elixir
> quote do
>   foo[:bar]
> end
> #=> {{:., [], [Access, :get]}, [], [{:foo, [], Elixir}, :bar]}
> ```
> 

Reviewer: This is shown later in the document as syntax sugar (as it translates to existing code):

```suggestion
```

> ### Multi alias
> 
> Multi alias (`Foo.{Bar, Baz}`) is represented by a `{:., [], [base_alias, :{}]}` call, where the `base_alias` represents the left hand side of the dot, and the arguments represent the elements inside the curly braces:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Qualified tuples

Qualified tuples (`foo.{bar, baz}`) is represented by a `{:., [], [expr, :{}]}` call, where the `expr` represents the left hand side of the dot, and the arguments represent the elements inside the curly braces. This is used in Elixir to provide multi aliases:
```
